todos-api/README.md, before:

# todos-api

This service is written in NodeJS, it provides CRUD operations over TODO entries.
It keeps all the data in memory. CREATE and DELETE operations are logged by
sending appropriate message to a Redis queue. The messages are then processed by
`log-message-processor`.

Following API endpoints are exposed:

- `GET /todos` - list all TODOs for a given user, user ID is taken from JWT
- `POST /todos` - create new TODO
- `DELETE /todos/:taskId` - modify a TODO by ID

TODO object looks like this:
```
{
    id: 1,
    userId: 1,
    content: "Create new todo"
}
```

Log message looks like this:
```
{
    opName: CREATE,
    username: username,
    todoId: 5,
}
```

## Configuration

The service scans environment for variables:
- `TODO_API_PORT` - the port the service takes.
- `JWT_SECRET` - secret value for JWT token processing.
- `REDIS_HOST` - host of Redis
- `REDIS_PORT` - port of Redis
- `REDIS_CHANNEL` - channel the processor is going to listen to

## Building and running

```
npm install
JWT_SECRET=foo TODO_API_PORT=8082  npm start
```

## Usage

```
 curl -X POST -H "Authorization: Bearer $token" 127.0.0.1:8082/todos -d '{"content": "deal with that"}'
```

Commit message:

Finished project but dont like frontend of this

todos-api/README.md, after:

# todos-api

This service is written in NodeJS, it provides CRUD operations over TODO entries.
It keeps all the data in memory.

Following API endpoints are exposed:

- `GET /todos` - list all TODOs for a given user, user ID is taken from JWT
- `POST /todos` - create new TODO
- `DELETE /todos/:taskId` - modify a TODO by ID

TODO object looks like this:
```
{
    id: 1,
    userId: 1,
    content: "Create new todo"
}
```


## Configuration

The service scans environment for variables:
- `TODO_API_PORT` - the port the service takes.
- `JWT_SECRET` - secret value for JWT token processing.

## Building and running

### Requirements
* NodeJS (Tested with NodeJS 16.13.1). ([install nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/))
* Python 2.7 ([install python2](https://www.python.org/downloads/))


### Build steps
1. Install dependencies:
```shell
npm install
```
2. Set Environment variables:
```shell
export JWT_SECRET=my-unique-secret-which-is-the-same-between-services
export TODO_API_PORT=8081
```
3. Run the service:
```shell
npm start
```

## Usage

```
 curl -X POST -H "Authorization: Bearer $token" 127.0.0.1:8082/todos -d '{"content": "Deploy Frontend"}'
```
